## Tasks Completed

- In-person lunch event

## Notes

- I was able to fix my script so that it was able to kill processes correctly. When I passed the command and arguments as a list to `Popen`, `subprocess` was able to launch the command without using a wrapper shell process to run it. However, each argument *must* be given as a different item entry. (I will simply pass a string that has been split at the space.)

- I also found out that `nvprof` must be run within the container from its own cuda folder, instead of just being "shipped in" from the host through a volume.

- I discovered that it would be much easier to use the Docker SDK for Python to control the app container, instead of making new processes to interact with it. 

  - Because `nvprof` must be running in the same container as `app.py` (it doesn't attach to it otherwise, probably something to do with process groups) we need to run the program within the container and redirect its output to a file in the container. Once the container is done running, i.e. the app has finished or been closed by timeout, we take that file and attach a timestamp to it (probably just one timestamp since nvprof dumps a summary at the end of execution).
  - One issue might be that the app has to quit before nvprof quits. We need to make sure that nvprof can process its stats before the container itself closes and takes nvprof with it.
  - We can run tegrastats outside of the container because that can be run anywhere and it returns the same results.

  

 