## Tasks Completed

- 

## Notes

- I am going to create a custom Docker image that will contain the app image and my profiling script setup with the proper dependencies
  - It will contain the CUDA library inherited from the plugin-base image
  - It will have all my Python modules setup from the requirements.txt install
- If the app requires the use of the playback server, then I will need to figure out an automated way to deploy the playback server container alongside the app container
- Once the custom Docker image is deployed onto the node, Jenkins will need to start the profiler Python script, which will then look for a configuration file in the container folder and execute the profiling session
- **Meeting Questions**
  - How is the Jenkins build going to be triggered by the UI?
- **Meeting Clarifications**
  - The app will already be built by the build/test stages of the Jenkins, so that is how the app will be downloaded onto the NX. Therefore the script needs a URL to pull the image from, but we don't need to package the app inside the profiler container. We can simply have the Python script invoke the Docker socket to pull the app image from the build source. Then the script waits on the pull to be successfully completed.
- Pipeline development
  - Right now I need to hear back from Chris about getting Tau setup on the NX so that I can connect that part of the pipeline to my script. My script will run his wrapper after being deployed by Jenkins.
  - I don't know how to approach Docker arguments that are required for running the app. For example, if the app needs a configuration file, when the app is run, the user needs to run Docker with a specific file mapping from the host filesystem to the app filesystem. How will those external files be packaged with the app? Will they be required to be within the image?
  - Getting the output back to the server
    - My script is able to read a file from within the Docker container and unstash it on the Jenkins server

