## Notes

- The difference between a hard link and a soft link on Linux is that a hard link refers to the file on the hard disk, whereas the soft link (or symbolic link) refers to the path, which can be renamed or changed

- So far I have been able to start a Python app process with the pydocker's exec_run method, which has been successful, but I don't know if it is a reliable solution for the long term. The main problem is that I am operating somewhat blindly when I execute commands, because the only feedback I get from the system is an exit code and the program's stdout. There is no Docker SDK solution to manage processes within a container, but so far I have worked around that by issuing ps commands.

- The pipeline so far:

  - *(Before profiling trigger)* I build my profiling docker image which contains my script, its dependencies (pydocker and such), and an empty output folder (named `/app/profiling_output`) for collecting profiling results. This docker image can then be deployed on agents as the profiling suite.

  - **ECR is triggered to profile an app**- Jenkins opens the profiler container on the agents (downloading it onto the agent if necessary) and sends it the profiling arguments to the profiler script. These arguments would contain information about the following:

    - The external metrics to collect, i.e. whether to collect the nvprof dump
    - Any arguments needed for Tau
    - App arguments
    - A timeout for the maximum amount of time the app should run for
    - Configuration for the playback server if the app requires it

    The script starts the Tau wrapper (which then starts the app) inside of a Docker container inside the profiling container. It is able to spawn a new docker container because it has access to the docker socket through a filesystem bind.

  - The script waits for the app to close (checking if it is running by sending the container `ps | grep` commands) or for the timeout to elapse. During this time the script does not need to engage with any sockets or files; it just needs to wait. The output of the Tau wrapper should be contained within the app container, and once that completes, the script can take the contents of Tau's output on a predetermined path (say, `/app/profiling_output`) and copy them into the folder `/app/profiling_output` on the profiling container. 

  - The next step will be post-processing and formatting the metrics to JSON entries with timestamps.

  - The script then ends.

  - The Jenkins agent then retrieves the contents of `/app/profiling_output` using stash and then unstashes them onto its server folder. This will then conclude the profiling session and all the metrics from various tools will be inside that folder on the server's filesystem. 

- I need to figure out how to make a folder in the `/app` directory of the app container before starting it so that the profiling output can be redirected into that folder and I will not need to pull the whole `/app` folder. This is important because the Jenkins docs recommends not to use stash with large files, and there may be large files in the `/app` folder.