## Notes

- Had meeting with Yomi, Chris, and Yongho about merging our code into the ECR application profiling repo.

- Could not get Colin's plugin to work with the memory requirements of the NX, so I am moving on to Seongha's cloud cover plugin. I setup the playback server to host the example image of some clouds at: `http://169.254.78.25:8090/top/image.jpg`

  - Am building and running the cloud cover plugin with this command:

    ```
    sudo docker build -t plugin-cloudcover-unet . && sudo docker run -it --runtime nvidia --network host -v /home/nvidia/luke_projects/config_dir/data-config.json:/run/waggle/data-config.json --name plugin-cloudcover -v /home/nvidia/live_metrics.sock:/metrics/live_metrics.sock plugin-cloudcover-unet -stream top_img -debug
    ```

- Meeting with Aji about papers

  - What is your preference of conference to submit to?
  - How is your feedback controller progress?
    - Any blockers that I can help with?
    - Memory issue caused by redundant DNN libraries being loaded by Docker? (i.e. TensorRT on the NX)
  - I am currently trying to get my live metrics code integrated into a few sample applications (Object counter, Cloud cover, another to be chosen...) How did you get the Anytime DNN setup? How are you receiving latency/fps data from it? If it is some native solution I want to try to see if my metrics reporting probes work on its inferencing function.
    - The ideal prototype setup for a paper demo would be running an Anytime DNN, another computer vision model that has rigorous science rules, and another app that can change its run configuration
  - You wanted the average latency/fps feature implemented into the metrics server, correct?
    - Can't latency and fps both be computed with the same measurement of time elapsed per inference?

- Takeaways from meeting with Aji

  - We need to define our solution by explaining how it fills in the gaps of the problem we are tackling. For example, we need data that shows how a Kubernetes solution fails to hit latency deadlines (the science goals set for the application) and does not manage memory as accurately as our solution (Aji is currently working on the memory side at the moment). We can show how the Kubernetes solution fails to hit its latency deadlines by using my metrics exporter tool.
  - The paper will not be about Anytime DNN's, but about a system that manages apps which may or may not be Anytime DNN's.
  - The deadline for the ICECCS is Oct. 1 which is fast for Aji, but he will make sure to put in the work so that he can go to Japan.

