## Peer Review for Colin Burdine

Colin's presentation was well-rehearsed, well-organized, and well-paced. The content discussed was relevant to his project, and his explanations were accessible. 

He began his presentation with a problem statement which set up the task of image anomaly localization. He emphasized one of the most important features of his model, which is that it is self-taught. It may have been helpful if he also included a few example use cases to ground the motivations of his project. Audience members may not be familiar with the usefulness of anomaly detection in the real world. He transitioned into proposed methods after introducing the problem he was tackling. The figures describing the CAE architecture (the neural network he utilized) are clear and very easy to understand, even if the viewer is not familiar with machine learning. Along the way he makes sure to cite the papers that introduce the methods he used. Colin then explains two solutions to problems he encountered, namely that the CAE focused too heavily on edge features of the image and that background noise polluted the distribution. He described the methods he used in response to these encountered problems.

In listing his results, Colin used a ROC curve to demonstrate the effectiveness of his model. It may have been helpful to further explain how this plot supports that claim, as I was not familiar with the particular graph. On second glance at his slides, however, I was able to ascertain its meaning. He lists not just his model's successes, but also its failures in detection. He supplies false positives and false negatives with clear, easy-to-see pictures.

He concludes his presentation by explaining future work that may be required to deploy his model, and he references his larger team's work by explaining how his model will fit into his team's goals. In summary, Colin presented his summer's project with clear pacing and a clear progression of ideas. My only advice would be to further explain certain technical details, like the ROC curve, and explain how his project can be used for science in the broad sense.